css positioning 

fixed positioning
position: absolute, fixed, inherit, relative, static, sticky
position: fixed (relative to browser window, out of normal document flow, when scrolling staying in the same position in window) ; top, bottom, left, right

absolute positioning (takes an element out of document flow, meaning the browser acts as if the element has no width and height, and the other elements
on the page move up as if it was never there. The position of the element is the fiexed relative to the parent container.
position: relative in parent container
position: absolute in the element with absolute positioning, stays in the same position in document, does not respond to scrolling

relative positioning
not taking out of normal documenf flow (ndf)

static, inherit and z-index
static
static positioning is the default behavior of elements. (acting as if no position is set)

inherited
inherited positionig tells an element to inherit ists positioning from its parent element. 

z-index
z-index controls the vertical stacking of elements. 

position: must be set
Elements must have set positioning for z-index to work

inherit



z-index


floating elements: float:left/right/none/inherit

floating left/right removes an element from ndf. It then takes that element and pushes it to the far left as possible.
Other elements eillmove up as fas as possible to flow around the element and take its original space.

floating multiple elements - use clear property to clear floating behavior

floating positions an element according to document flow, and then moves it to the ar left or right as possible.
Elements followin a floatied eement wil move up as far as possible.

centering elements - container { width: 80, margin: 0 auto ;}
One of the most commonly asked questions is how to center elements since there is no option to float cener. But by thinking carefully about how elements behave,
we can use positioning to acheive the same result.

center vertically
set position of element to absolute

